Televison, radio and magazinees encourage us to eat junk food and drink high-sugar drinks, both of which are very bad for us. Should advertising for junk food and sugary drinks be prohibited? Be specific and explain your thinking.

背景: 体に悪いものを食べて健康を損なう人が多いから。
主張: ジャンクフードの広告を禁止すべきではない
理由1: ジャンクフードは違法ではないから、会社には広告する権利がある
理由2: タバコのように、好きな人は食べ続けるだろうから、健康になるとは言えない

I disagree with the opinion that advertising for junk food and sugary drinks should be prohibited.
One reason is that prohibiting them can deprive producer's rights. Even though both of junk food and sugary drinks are very bad for us, they are not illegal, so advertising for them should be allowed.
Also, it is highly doubtful whether banning advertisements make people healthy. Even if people who love junk food and sugary drinks didn't see any advertisements, most of them would eat, and impair their health, just like smokers.

I disagree with the opinion that advertising for junk food and sugary drinks should be prohibited.
One reason is that prohibiting them can violate producers' rights. Even though both junk food and sugary drinks are very bad for us, they are not illegal, so advertising for them should be allowed.
Also, it is highly doubtful whether banning advertisements makes people healthy. Even if people who love junk food and sugary drinks didn't see any advertisements, most of them would eat and drink them, and harm their health, just like smokers.
Therefore, banning advertisements would not be an effective solutions to health problems.